Add bug report and enhancement issue templates (#722)
informalsystems/tendermint-rs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us squash bugs!
labels: bug
---
<!--

Please give us an overview of what went wrong, and what you expected to have
happen instead.

-->

**Steps to reproduce**

<!--

Please provide step-by-step instructions as to how to reproduce the problem.

-->

> **When can we consider this to be "fixed"?**

Reviewer: I'm trying to be somewhat pedantic with the English language here - for better or worse.

This question starting with "when" == "at one time" for me when I first read it. The description clarifies it well, but maybe we should be more to the point.

Maybe:
```suggestion
**Describe how a resolution looks like**
```

Author: Is the comment below the heading not clear enough as to what the heading means?

<!--

Please describe clear and practical acceptance criteria for this issue (i.e. a
"definition of done"). Anyone in the team should be able to look at this issue

> and determine whether or not the bug's been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and determine whether or not the bug has been fixed.
```

The grammar "soldier" in me...

Author: I usually purposefully put the contractions in nowadays to indicate less formality (being _Informal_ and all 😜).

Reviewer: Fair point.
